Let 's try something .
Who painted this painting ?
That 's the snag .
We are what we pretend to be , so we must be careful what we pretend to be .
I do n't know him .
I liked this film .
She 's rolling in money .
It 's not important .
I do n't care .
I was about to go out when the phone rang .
Look carefully . I 'm going to show you how it 's done .
People should understand that the world is changing .
Speech is silver , but silence is golden .
I do n't like these remarks .
Why do you want to leave today ?
I 'm going to take my car .
You can not achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd .
To be quiet in class is to respect other people 's sleep .
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence .
Cole 's Axiom : The sum of the intelligence on the planet is a constant ; the population is growing .
If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intention of doing you good , you should run for your life .
We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience .
The early bird catches the worm .
In life there are ups and downs .
All cats are grey in the dark .
Teach me how you do it .
No news is good news .
Wealth comes to those who make things happen , not to those who let things happen .
If you think education is expensive , wait till you see what ignorance costs you .
I was expecting it !
The world is divided into people who get things done , and people who get the credit .
I do n't expect anything from you .
People who will lie for you , will lie to you .
There 's no doubt .
There is n't any solution .
I did n't know he drank so much .
It 's well done .
Do you want fruit juice ?
He 's a good person .
Enjoy your meal !
There 's no love without jealousy .
There was not a bloody soul .
We are cut from the same cloth .
The walls have ears .
I 've got a frog in my throat .
Make yourself at home .
Nothing great has been achieved by playing it safe .
In general , little is known about nonlinear second order differential equations .
At this stage there is still not a clear energy policy for bringing decentralised power to rural areas .
Why are n't you coming with us ?
I ca n't say the opposite .
Do n't listen to him , he 's talking nonsense .
You ca n't get lost in big cities ; there are maps everywhere !
We are sorry , the person you are trying to contact is not available .
I do n't want it anymore .
He came several times .
We wonder why .
We must think about friends .
It was raining when we left , but by the time we arrived , it was sunny .
We left by train .
I do n't know if he would have done it for me .
Would you like to come ?
I knew he would accept .
She would willingly come but she was on vacation .
I thought it was true .
This is the town I told you about .
This is the boy I think about .
He has been warned on several occasions .
I have to give back the book before Saturday .
Hi , I just wanted to let you know that the problem is fixed .
How can you have a laptop and not a cell phone ?
I went to drink a beer with friends .
He jumped out the window .
Yesterday we had fun .
They quarreled .
I ate caviar .
He changed a lot since the last time .
This knife was very useful to me .
You took the wrong key .
I managed to get in .
How much is it ?
I 'll bring you the bill immediately .
Did you leave a tip ?
Do n't forget the ticket .
I 'm sorry , I do n't have change .
They do n't even know why .
I want you to tell me the truth .
You arrived at the moment I left .
Muiriel likes to annoy me lately .
It 's not serious , I do n't bear him a grudge .
Who is coming with me ?
I want to know who is coming with us .
Florence is the most beautiful city in Italy .
On your feet , children !
I talked to friends .
This girl changed her look .
The film lasted 2 hours .
I 'm glad to see you back .
You changed a lot .
Those who know him like him .
Tell me what happened .
They are sensible girls .
How beautiful you are !
You must work more .
He told me he would go to Venice .
Who are those guys ?
I do n't agree with him .
The spirit is willing , but the flesh is weak .
It seems to me that the train is late .
I do n't know if I 'll have time to do it .
Ask Trang if he 's going out this evening .
In a town you may pass unnoticed , whereas in a village it 's impossible .
Who said that ? It 's totally wrong !
Wolves wo n't usually attack people .
`` Can somebody help me ? '' `` I will . ''
You 've given me your cold .
Ah ! If I were rich , I 'd buy myself a house in Spain .
I wish she would stop playing that stupid music .
I hope he 'll be able to come ! I 'd like to see him .
They will never accept ; it 's too far .
Her garden is a work of art .
Water freezes at zero degrees Celsius , does n't it ?
Forget it . It 's not worth it .
We 're going to eat a lot tonight so I hope you 're not on a diet .
For once in my life I 'm doing a good deed ... And it is useless .
You need not telephone me .
Brian repeatedly told Chris that he owed him a pretty large amount of money .
How dare you say such a thing to me ?
You ask me to do the impossible .
I brought you a little something .
He 's moving in with his girlfriend .
I 'm going to sit on the bench over there next to the street lamp .
I have to write a letter . Do you have some paper ?
Could you do me a favour please ?
No , I 'm not mad at you , I 'm just disappointed .
She is mad at me .
I ca n't believe my eyes .
I could n't say when exactly in my life it occurred to me that I would be a pilot someday .
She has always done her best to make their life easier .
I 've got mosquito bites all over my arm .
During winter I sleep with two blankets .
`` Do you have any siblings ? '' `` No , I 'm an only child . ''
Her eyes were shining with joy .
You are to come with me .
You have to come with me .
Are you angry at what I said ?
Can you justify the use of violence ?
You are a busy man , so I will adjust myself to your schedule .
Can you do bookkeeping ?
You have no sense of direction .
You must practice grammar .
You had better go to the infirmary .
You should n't do things by halves .
You should pay your rent in advance .
You must keep your room clean .
You must take off your hat in the room .
You are wavering .
Have you ever climbed Mt. Fuji ?
Your undaunted spirit will carry you through .
You should take care of your sick mother .
You have to learn standard English .
Have you ever traveled in a plane ?
I have a feeling you 'll be a very good lawyer .
You are idle to the bone .
Can you keep a secret ?
Since you look tired , you had better take a rest .
You are tired , are n't you ?
Are you not tired ?
You look tired . You ought to rest for an hour or two .
You can rely on him .
You can rely on her .
You must not take advantage of her innocence .
You should have acted on her advice .
You are treading on her corns .
I think that you ought to apologize to her .
Just a minute .
You asked after her ? What did she say ?
Did you meet her ?
Do you want to see her very much ?
Did you fall in love with her at first sight ?
You were taken in by her .
You told her that you had finished the work three days before .
You should have told him the truth .
You should restore the money he lost to him .
You can not expect much of him .
You should tell him the truth .
You ought to ask him for advice .
Did n't you write a letter to him ?
You need only ask him to pay the debt .
You told him that he should have a reward .
I do n't think you can gain his ear .
You can trust him to keep his word .
I 'm certain of your success .
What subject do you think he is interested in ?
You 're coming with us now .
Be sure to put out the fire before you leave .
Do you like fish ?
Could you please call him into the meeting ?
What a fine day it is !
What on earth are you doing in my room ?
Can I have a bite ?
May I ask you to do me a favor ?
Do you have any rock CDs ?
If you ca n't keep your promise , what excuse will you make ?
If you are to do it , you must make a good start .
Should he be given another chance , he would do his best .
How formal is this ceremony ?
How are you getting along ?
When does Tony study ?
Do me the favor of coming .
Will you open the door ?
What is that building whose door is painted white ?
The peak rises above the clouds .
Does that include everything ?
Did n't you visit the park ?
The rule holds good in this case .
Will Jane sing ?
I 'm still alive , and that 's the main thing , Father says .
A computer can calculate very rapidly .
May I use this ?
Where would you like me to put this ?
May I borrow this book ?
Will this road take me to the station ?
Will you tell me how to sing this song ?
Would you like another cup of coffee ?
What a feast we had when we visited my aunt !
May I ask some questions ?
What did you do with your camera ?
Shall I get some for you ?
Will you show me your album ?
I 've never seen you cook . Can you cook anything at all ?
Does the 19 bus go to Main Street ?
`` Could you do this instead of me ? '' `` Sorry , I 'm too busy . ''
The train was crowded with people .
How long have you been dating ?
Does this mean you 're not coming to help ?
The dog traced the rabbit into the forest .
My wife is subject to moods .
When I was a child , I would often call on him on Sunday .
Be quiet while I 'm speaking .
Our hens laid a lot of eggs yesterday .
Will you make room for me ?
I never try to go to there .
You 'll have to work hard if you want to pass the exam .
Will you give me a ride ?
Do you have a course for beginners ?
Ca n't you just picture Ed in woman 's disguise ?
Where 's the newspaper ?
Can someone take our picture ?
Whoever calls , tell him I 'm out .
Can you give me directions to the subway station ?
My little brother says that he had a dreadful dream last night .
Could you put your seat back up a little ?
What is the matter with him ?
How fast he runs !
He must have studied English hard .
What time did he ask for your response ?
He has been writing poems since this morning .
They like to play in the snow .
Could you show me another one , please ?
Could you exchange it with another one ?
Be sure and call me tonight .
If you were to quit your job , what would you do ?
If a tiger should come out of the cage , what would you do ?
Can you tell if it will rain tomorrow ?
Do n't fail to come here by the appointed time .
I 've lost about 80 cents .
Are we having company tonight ?
How can I get to gate A-1 ?
How many are in your party ?
If he 's fluent in English , I 'll hire him .
I came here yesterday .
He bailed on us just when we needed him .
Care for a smoke ?
Do you have a solution ?
Have you recently taken a trip anywhere ?
What 's the name of my doctor ?
Where can I mail these letters ?
Which sports do you like ?
If my mother had still been alive , she would have helped me at that time .
My printer 's black ink is defective ; it bleeds across the page if I touch it with my finger .
Did you just get to know him ?
Can I stay with you ? I was kicked out of my house because I did n't pay the rent .
Do you have a points card ?
How much do these black pants and red shirts cost ?
How could this happen ? I thought you were on the pill .
What 's your favorite thing about Hawaii ?
What 's your favorite snack food ?
What is it about ?
Do n't worry . You can confide in me .
Do you feel birthdays are important ?
What do the prisoners eat ?
What do n't you know ?!
Where was Tom when the fire broke out ?
What am I supposed to do if Tom comes ?
Tom , could you keep an eye on the kids ?
Could you help me wash the dishes ?
Why do n't you drop in ?
Did you know that men can get breast cancer ?
I ca n't keep up with you . Could you dictate a bit slower ?
It 's OK with me if you take that book .
I 'm broken .
You do n't worry .
What would he know ?
Shall we go out for a walk ?
Where would you go if you could time travel ?
Why do n't you go home ?
Are Protestants tired of the Bible ?
If he had worked harder , he could have succeeded .
What wonderful weather !
Do n't let the dog inside .
How much time do we have ?
What are the men doing ?
Where can I find them ?
Can I see you a moment ?
They did not listen .
This is the first time I 've ever needed help .
Have you tried it before ?
Have your ever followed the White Rabbit to its hole ?
When was the last time you drank this ?
When will you go to Germany ?
How do you want to be polite with people like him ?
How many countries are members of the United Nations ?
Can you remember that last time you ate ravioli ?
Could you make sure Tom does his homework ?
Why should I hire you ?
May I assist you ?
I ca n't just turn my back on Tom .
Did he say that ?
What did he see ?
This is my last review .
I want to know who did that .
So , where do you want to do this ?
Do n't tell me if you do n't want to .
Why wo n't you play with me ?
Could you lend me your pink pen , please ?
Do you refer to me ?
You 've invited your friends as well ?
Why do n't you give me a break ?
Show me the picture .
Can you cancel ?
Can you help ?
Do n't hurt anybody .
It is n't locked .
Do n't give me that crap !
Who 's giving the main speech ?
What comes next ?
Who lost it ?
Would you step aside ?
They shoot horses , do n't they ?
Do n't worry . Everything will be fine .
Why did you volunteer to do this ?
Can you come tomorrow ?
Tom does n't like people to know that he ca n't speak French well .
He says that he will come tomorrow .
Maybe you could draw me a map ?
Would you like to grab a bite to eat somewhere ?
Would you take Tom to Boston with you ?
Are you recording this conversation ?
Tom wo n't even know we were here .
I 'd know if you were lying .
What 's behind the door ?
I 'm the boss , are n't I ?
Do you want to drink a perfect cocktail ?
Do you care who helps us ?
When the sun comes up , I 'll get out of bed .
Do you want to see me ?
Why are you whispering ?
What did you do before ?
Tom wanted it this way .
Ca n't you do something ?
Have you been there ?
May I have the floor ?
The culture was completely different from the one she was used to .
He had bought a dog .
Why am I so sleepy ?
Do you believe in guiding stars ?
When do you think the Philippines will host the Olympic Games ?
If you want it , you can have it .
Tom does n't have any close friends .
If I 'd known the truth , I would 've told it to you .
Do you think Tom is handsome ?
You quit your job , did n't you ?
What would you suggest that I do ?
What made you say that ?
Do you want to learn English ?
How can you say that to me ?
Write your surname on the fourth line .
Do you know of a dish that has laurel leaves in it ?
How many years has Tom lived in Boston ?
I met my boyfriend there .
If we did n't satisfy your expectations , that 's your problem .
And what if he rejects me ?
Can you protect me ?
Do you think Tom can speak French ?
It would be good if Tom did a little more exercise .
You can understand French , right ?
Would you mind if I ask you a few questions ?
Would you fancy a game of Japanese chess ?
You went to Boston , right ?
Tom does have a certain charm , does n't he ?
Did you really think I did n't know ?
You 're students , are n't you ?
Ca n't you see we 're on a break ?
Can you miss the present moment ?
Would you please take me home ?
You 're going to be bored if you go .
We ate at a restaurant just outside Boston .
Do you think Tom will buy it ?
Who gave that order ?
Could you give me just a moment ?
Why would anyone dye their hair pink ?
Tom seemed somewhat annoyed by that .
Do you think you 're handsome ?
Have you tried taking a sleeping pill ?
Tom , may I speak with you ?
I think Tom really likes me .
How can we contact you ?
Have you had any lunch ?
Would you mind not talking about your surgery now - I 'm trying to eat .
Tom told me you had stopped by .
Can you tell us what Tom did ?
When are you going to tell her ?
Did you tell Tom I was having trouble ?
Is this your first convention ?
Who is going to coordinate our activity if we do n't do it for ourselves ?
Do you love your children ?
Are you sure it 's safe ?
Why do you hate me so much ?
Heyâ € ¦ did you hear the news ?
Can you loan him some money ?
Can you loan her some money ?
I do not understand Tom 's ostensible contempt for satorial concerns of his peers .
Do you mean all this was for nothing ?
How could I forget something like that ?
What 's the name of that fat girl you used to date in high school ?
Can I get up now ?
Can you prevent it ?
Can you freeze it ?
Can I ask a favor ?
Can you help me down ?
Can you excuse me a second ?
Can you shut the door on your way out ?
Do you think I did it ?
Were you surprised to see Tom ?
Can I chat with you outside for a second ?
Who took care of you ?
Tom is a troublemaker , is n't he ?
Tom is quite observant , is n't he ?
Tom asked me if he could borrow my car .
Am I still in charge here ?
Did Tom say that I said that ?
Tom says he 's sorry about what happened yesterday .
If the opposition were to win , it would not entail a radical departure from current policies .
Do you believe in evolution ?
People usually die if you kill them .
Tom did n't know if it would be worth his while applying for the job .
Do you want to tag along ?
Can you tell me where you were at the time of the murder ?
Tom is pretty good at singing .
Tom would n't have married Mary if he 'd known she had spent time in prison .
May I have the menu and the wine list ?
Does she have an opinion about this ?
What 's the matter , love ?
Even Tom grinned .
Remind me to thank Tom the next time I see him .
There are more of those in the drawer .
Are you really sure ?
Is Tom still asleep ?
Why do n't you eat meat ?
How did you like the food at that restaurant ?
You can do this , ca n't you ?
What is that , Tom ? It sounds like someone crying .
Are we really in 2015 ?
Have you made a list yet ?
Why did you poison Tom ?
Tom probably thought I was thirsty .
Tell me if it is n't so .
Do n't throw away your notes .
Could I just have a minute ?
Why wo n't you look at me ?
Has Tom been fighting with Mary ?
Would you help me move these beer kegs .
Do you not want me here ?
What 's Tom running from ?
What do you need me for ?
How soon can you get that done ?
The earthquake left the city looking like a war zone .
How do skunks scream ?
Why are n't you with them ?
May I speak with her ?
Can I go with him ?
What do you want them for ?
Will you tell her ?
Did you show her your pictures ?
Are you going to see him ?
I did n't say I persuaded them .
Can you make them smile ?
What made you so mad ?
Let 's let them try that again .
Why did they fire her ?
What did n't you like about me ?
Would you tell Tom I 'm here ?
Have you lost the key of your house ?
The Earth orbits around the Sun . It takes one year to go around the Sun one complete time .
How will you solve the problem ?
When do you know me from ?
Are your parents coming to pick you up ?
Was n't there anything they could do for you ?
What am I supposed to think ?
What do you like on your salad ?
Are you saying Tom was right ?
How long were you in prison ?
Would you mind if I ask why not ?
Did you really expect Tom to read it ?
Would you lend me a hand ?
Are you just going to sit here and not do anything ?
Where did you get these delicious apples ?
If your wife cheated on you , thank God she only cheated on you and did not betray the country .
Do you skip breakfast in the mornings ?
Do n't believe everything you hear ! Do n't like everything you see ! Do n't say everything you know ! Do n't do everything you want !
What were your favorite subjects in school ?
Who is that guy , anyway ?
Tom was very jealous .
What were they eating ?
Can you help out ?
Is it simple enough ?
Would you trust them ?
Did you offer Tom any assistance ?
Why do you hang out with Tom ?
Is this really allowed ?
Do you like noodles with beef ?
Can you prove which was the original language of your holy writings ?
Mary chewed on her nails .
Tom can study in my office if he wants to .
I could n't sleep on the plane .
When did you buy this bicycle ?
Do not do this !
Are you the runner who escaped the underground city ?
Is Tom a nice guy ?
Have you ever seen one ?
What 's wrong with this plan ?
Pray , of what land or lineage should I rightly call you ?
I wish you would n't drive so fast .
Can you explain how Tom died ?
Can you jump rope ?
Are n't cookies delicious ?
Why would you say such an awful thing ?
She was the last guest .
The man stole my purse .
If the devil is powerless , he sends his wife .
You understand why , do n't you ?
Tom tiptoed into the bedroom to avoid waking up his wife .
How dare you call me poor ?
This song makes me homesick .
Where is the next shop ?
Who built this thing , anyway ?
Can they compete next year ?
We 've got a real good car .
What good are you people ?
Do you have five dollars ?
It must 've been destiny .
Do you have cellulite ?
Are you my mommy ?
Could she be Tom 's daughter ?
When Tom was a boy , he lived near a swamp and created his own zoo .
How did you persuade Tom to help us ?
What do you usually do on Friday night ?
Did Tom really tell Mary not to come here tomorrow ?
Would you like to play with us , Jim ?
Tom insulted me .
How tough is your job ?
I 'll just talk it over with Tom .
Will your parents let you stay home today ?
Are you pregnant yet ?
How exactly did this happen ?
Do you think I look happy ?
What curriculum does Fadil use to teach Arabic ?
Were you able to convince Tom to help us ?
Can I borrow your laptop for a second ?
I 'm going to go to the bank . Can you watch the gratin ?
What happened after Tom disappeared ?
The air in this city is very polluted .
How much is that VR headset ?
You ca n't do that by yourself , can you ?
Did Tom figure that out by himself ?
Do you think that 's wrong ?
Who 's going to do that ?
Why did n't you answer your cell phone ?
Do you know why I need to do that ?
Are you sure this is n't some kind of mistake ?
How much will Tom pay you to do that ?
The CFM56s used on 737s have been in service for about five years .
The set for this first staged presentation was a cutaway two-story house by Michael Anania .
`` As technology progresses , we adopt it , '' said GSX Vice President Roger Davis .
`` Have we forgotten our children were killed , too ? ''
... With the stones , we get rid of the enemy . ''
Rather , he asked a question : `` Are we doing a good enough job teaching our children what America is and what she represents in the long history of the world ? ''
Do n't wait -- a savings institution needs your help now !
U.S. District Judge Gerhard Gesell is expected to act on Walsh 's request this week .
The president 's bowl rests on a 14-pound , beveled , lead glass plinth , or flat base .
`` We try very hard to keep some of the hotels in a decent state so the foreign investors can come in .
Let 's just take that .
`` Now it 's different .
They have to worry about marketing , everything , just like any other businessman . ''
`` If there is no political solution now , Vietnam will withdraw all its troops in 1990 .
Bush bailed out over the water but his two crew members were lost .
`` Is there something rotten in the kingdom of museums ? ''
When the shuttle does begin flying non-essential passengers again , NASA said , a teacher will be the first .
If I have any confessions to make , I will make them to a priest .
According to an account in the New Republic last May 23 , Bennett repeatedly urged the Pentagon and then-Attorney General Edwin Meese to unleash the U.S. military against foreign drug traffickers .
Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour .
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back .
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ?
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning : You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you .
In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA .
Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ?
'' If true , '' the court wrote , '' this contention would justify dismissal of these actions on prudential grounds . ''
If I sell now , I 'll take a big loss . ''
When the little guy gets frightened , the big guys hurt badly .
When the uniformed men had finished killing Cecilio , they went back to his house to demand food and his weapon .
When the guerrillas kill civilians , they usually announce it on their clandestine Radio Venceremos .
When a U.S. ambassador sat down with a PLO delegation for the first official meeting in 13 years , Sweden scored a triumph for a foreign policy variously described as magnanimous or meddlesome .
Where we have a contribution to make , we do all we can .
Some have been jailed since the first years after the 1959 revolution .
Because tritium decays at a rate of 5.5 percent a year , it needs to be regularly replenished to keep warheads at peak explosive power .
1989 has begun for Soviets with Mikhail S. Gorbachev warning them not to expect `` manna from heaven '' and a multitude of signs - from barren shop shelves to astrology - heralding another hard year in the building of communism .
According to Radio Moscow , enterprises that account for 60 percent of Soviet industrial output have been on `` self-accounting '' since January 1988 .
`` Stocks of barley and oats would tend to build modestly if production returns to normal , and prices probably will fall . ''
Soghum output `` is likely to rebound '' this year if yields are normal , although total use may continue to exceed production , Hull said .
What would you do ? ''
What does the future hold ?
On Wednesday , two American F-14s shot down two Libyan jet fighters .
`` Maybe this time he will finally get it straight : Whenever he threatens American forces , we will defend ourselves . ''
When he reached for his gun , the men shot him in the thigh , police said .
`` But I do n't know if they will be actually sons and daughters .
The only nation that so far seems unaffected by the East European travel boom is Romania , whose 23 million citizens have scarce opportunity to journey abroad .
Typically , money-fund yields beat comparable short-term investments because portfolio managers can vary maturities and go after the highest rates .
`` If we refuse and reject negotiations with the Russians , we will be blamed by the world , '' Mojaddidi said .
`` What is going to happen ?
Test results to determine if the second custodian at Hunterdon Central Regional High School has the disease should be available in about five days , said Marilyn Riley , state Health Department spokeswoman .
At one time , U.S. diplomats got into hot water if they clinked teacups with members of the PLO , but now the State Department has switched signals .
When it 's time for their biannual powwow , the nation 's manufacturing titans typically jet off to the sunny confines of resort towns like Boca Raton and Hot Springs .
He is expected to rework the lame-duck budget Reagan will be sending to Congress on Monday .
But it does call into profound question his judgment , in particular his willingness to turn a blind eye to the background and beliefs of notorious colleagues if they share his anti-communism . ''
Affadavits showed that Parkin , Berlin and Savaides had planned at one time to divide $ 150,000 from Teledyne .
She did not have details of the inmates ' injuries .
When he first was diagnosed as retarded , he was 9 . ''
His whereabouts were unknown until he applied for refugee status in Montreal sometime before Jan. 1 , claiming that his life would be in danger if he was forced to return to the Soviet Union , the Canadian Broadcast Corp. reported .
Official trade unions have pledged to strike and mount other protests if wage and social reforms fail to offset price increases planned by the government , a union newspaper said Saturday .
The only fire house in the rural community was destroyed and the only school was heavily damaged , according to Grounds .
Police in the county of Derbyshire reported several bodies scattered on each side of the highway .
Both parties operate unofficially in Hong Kong .
If the debts are repaid , it could clear the way for Soviet bonds to be sold in the U.S .
`` People wondered , ` If you spin up the pulsar with a companion , where is the companion ? ' '' said Fruchter .
`` Did he say he had the murders done ? ''
In Vienna , a deal was struck between Turkey and the Soviet Union .
One top adviser who turned down an offer of a White House job after weeks of agonizing was pollster Robert M. Teeter , who informed Bush that for personal and family considerations he preferred to remain in Michigan .
`` It 's a program we 've run a winning national campaign on , a program ratified in the light of intense national examination . ''
`` What we need to know before Congress can go to work is what George Bush wants in his defense budget .
Revenue rose 42 % to $ 133.7 million from $ 94 million .
It said all refugee boats were permitted to land and that arrivals were taken to a special camp in cooperation with the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees .
The shooting came a month after Contorno testified before Italian magistrates , who questioned him in the United States to prepare another mass Mafia trial .
Last month , Italy 's state television broadcast an interview with Contorno that was conducted at an undisclosed location in the United States .
If by that he meant women , so far , he has fallen short .
The previous record was $ 10 million , he said .
`` If I thought this would make it difficult for the family , I would n't do it , '' he said .
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
What is Spumante ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
What is the executor in a will ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Name a Gaelic language .
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
How can I find online spelling ?
Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
What does gringo mean ?
Name Alvin 's brothers
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Name a tiger that is extinct .
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Name a Gaelic language .
Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
How can you tell if someone is lying ?
What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
Who says , `` If you don ' t look good , we don ' t look good '' ?
What does 7847 +5943 equal ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
How can I find out my biorhythm ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
Name four famous cartoon cats .
Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
Name Li ' l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
When was the first flush toilet invented ?
The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
Who says , `` If you don ' t look good , we don ' t look good '' ?
Name a civil war battlefield .
How far can you see ?
Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
What is AFS ?
Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
What is a fear of shadows ?
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
Define cosmology .
Name an art gallery in New York .
Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
Who says , `` If you don ' t look good , we don ' t look good '' ?
Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
How does a hurricane form ?
What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
Name a female figure skater .
Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
Who invented the lawnmower ?
How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
How can you define time ?
Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
What famous coach said `` if you can ' t beat 'em in the alley , you can ' t beat 'em on the ice '' ?
How can I get someone 's email address ?
Name a flying mammal .
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
Name four comic strips about pilots .
How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
Who wrote The Collector ?
Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
What 's a Craps player called ?
Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
Describe the Long March .
'' But for such a work you must have needed books -- had you any ? ''
'' You ? ''
'' Sinbad the Sailor ? '' he said .
he asked of Franz .
'' Ah , you see -- ''
All they would do was to give me a loaded pistol lest we were attacked , and to promise to have horses ready saddled in case we were pursued on our return , while one lad was to ride forward to the doctor 's in search of armed assistance .
' Who 's that ? ' says one .
Castruccio was received in great honour by Frederick , and many privileges were conferred upon him , and he was appointed the emperor 's lieutenant in Tuscany .
Now , can you tell me whether it is actually true that Mr. Rochester has asked you to marry him ?
What are you thinking about ? ''
Shall we go into ecstasies over Russia ?
The ventriloquist 's voice repeated his distich : --
To follow to the slope is to arrive at the river .
'' Can you change me a hundred-dollar bill ? '' he demanded .
I reflected for some time , and then answered as if I had discovered a new idea , '' I mean pretty well . ''
I went on with my explanation , and told her how I had hoped to complete the transaction out of my means , but how in this I was disappointed .
'' So you did .
What effect may be produced by this partial reform , must be left to further experience .
Estimating the negroes in the proportion of three fifths , it can scarcely be doubted that the population of the United States will by that time , if it does not already , amount to three millions .
And how far does this combination characterize the plan which has been reported by the convention ?
Would you say that knowledge is a faculty , or in what class would you place it ?
He will connect himself well if he can . ''
'' Ca n't you see your ideal in it ? '' said Dorian bitterly .
It was better not to think of the past .
Not for you do I wait here in these mountains ; not with you may I descend for the last time .
I say to my friend , Suppose we try who will get there first .
Could make out several words , but can not now remember all .
VALDEMAR
Have I ? ''
'' A-a-h ! Yes , I remember ...
'' What lies ! '' he cried impudently , '' why , how could you , standing by the window , see the note ?
How would you decide which of them was to die ? I ask you ? ''
But what can I tell you ?
It was not long before the witch came striding up towards them , and said to the musician : ' Dear musician , may I pluck that beautiful flower for myself ? '
The time soon came , when the eldest brother thought that he would make haste to go to the princess , and say that he was the one who had set her free , and that he should have her for his wife , and the kingdom with her .
But wo n't you come to this other table ? '' repeated Anna Pavlovna .
'' Can something bad have happened to me ? ''
If he is standing before Brunn ... ''
'' Now , what are you pestewing me for ? '' cried Denisov , suddenly losing his temper .
'' Oh , how can you sleep ?
'' How can you know ?
'' You 're not asleep ? ''
'' Yes , she 's fast enough , '' replied Nicholas , and thought : '' If only a full-grown hare would cross the field now I 'd show you what sort of borzoi she is , '' and turning to his groom , he said he would give a ruble to anyone who found a hare .
When he comes , he 'll find you already know his sister and father and are liked by them .
I wish success to your mission , '' and with his embroidered red mantle , his flowing feathers , and his glittering ornaments , he rejoined his suite who were respectfully awaiting him .
What could I have lost ?
'' We do n't expect to get him home alive !
So you have abundance , then ?
One of the generals was reporting to him where the guns and prisoners had been captured .
Dost not think of murdering the officers when thou gettest to sea ? ''
'' Who has made me a judge over them ? '' was all he said , smilingly , to Alyosha .
'' How can you presume to do such deeds ? '' the monk asked suddenly , pointing solemnly and significantly at Lise .
If that 's all , you 've reassured me .
Shall we go over and have a look at it , eh ?
How could I dare to keep it back from him ?
He visits princes , though he is only a peasant corrupted .
Were you a cavalry officer ? '' put in Kalganov at once .
My idea seemed silly to me at the time , but he was perhaps pointing then to that little bag in which he had fifteen hundred roubles ! ''
She became prudent and saved money .
What will you have ?
Do you remember that thing he wrote ... ? ''
'' Then I understand that on your arrival in London yesterday you went out at once and bought a pair of boots ? ''
Can you tell the position of the rooms ? What are those latticed windows at this end ? ''
Will you like that ? ''
The doctor , taking hold of the youth 's now standing prick , asked if it had ever behaved so badly before the scene with his pretty young cousin .
'' Well I might if I liked , '' -- but I did not .
To Thy grace I ascribe it , and to Thy mercy , that Thou hast melted away my sins as it were ice .
And who has any right to speak against it , if just punishment follow the sinner ?
I saw all .
Oh Europe !
'' How could I tell you before I started ?
Will you do me that favour ? ''
She stood and stared at him for a minute , looking both surprised and displeased , then walked on , saying sharply , '' How do you know ? ''
'' That is proof that he is sharp , '' remarked the Lion .
' Well !
'' Po ' little chap . ''
There is himself , Earnshaw , Zillah , Joseph and I. Which would you have ? '
But do you imagine that I shall leave Catherine to his _ duty _ and _ humanity _ ? and can you compare my feelings respecting Catherine to his ?
Margaret , what comment can I make on the untimely extinction of this glorious spirit ?
What on earth do you mean ?
'' Where could you wait for me ? '' asked Miss Pross .